refactor(codegen): apply parameters rearrangement only for methods with single parameter (#2410)
tact-lang/tact: dev-docs/CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Language features

> - [fix] Apply parameters rearrangement only for ASM methods with single parameter: PR [#2410](https://github.com/tact-lang/tact/pull/2410)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Apply parameters rearrangement only for ASM methods with a single parameter to avoid confusion: PR [#2410](https://github.com/tact-lang/tact/pull/2410)
```
